Problem/Data Domain

On social media and on online platforms, information is constantly being disseminated at an alarming rate. There is a vast amount of posts being shared daily, causing us to barely comprehend the spread and amount of information online. With so much available on the Internet, there are numerous resources that are accessible. Because of the Internet, users can schedule appointments online, contact their doctors or physicians through an app, and learn more about conditions or ailments. However, the apps and information available for mental health are not as trustworthy as we want them to be or adequate enough to support users.

The issue that we want to address is the potential harm of unverified information about mental health on social media and on the Internet. There are an abundance of apps that allow users to take surveys to learn whether they may have a particular condition or not. However, most of these surveys are not credible – they do not rely on certified sources, but merely on information from the Internet. Websites like psychcentral.com, psychologytoday.com, and talkspace.com have surveys for users to take, but the questions are typically too obvious (and are leading at times) and are not backed by any source. To prevent unnecessary worry and ensure more credible tests, we aim to create an application that takes information from the DSM-5 and curates questions that are not leading or too obvious to diagnose. After all, our intentions of these tests are to spark awareness and lead users to other resources instead of diagnosing too easily or encouraging answers. Additionally, users will feel more confident knowing that their tests come from a source that is credible and verified. 
